A typo (#266)
rust-unofficial/patterns: idioms/coercion-arguments.md

give you more flexibility than using a `&String`.

Let's now take an example where someone gives us a sentence, and we want to

> determine if any of the words in the sentence contain three consecutive vowels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
determine if any of the words contains three consecutive vowels.
```

Reviewer 2: I think it's fine like it is now. ;)

> determine if any of the words in the sentence contains three consecutive vowels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
determine if any of the words in the sentence contain three consecutive vowels.
```
